 Over the past 25 years, America On Track has received 21 awards and commendations  celebrating the success of programs that have achieved meaningful and measurable results.  Recognition has come from the local, state and national level. Additionally, from 1995 to 2020 America On Track has been the recipient of dozens of competitive multi-year government grant awards, as well as corporate and foundation grants, that have  helped transform the lives of hundreds of thousands of children and their families. Early on, in November 1998, Terry Thompson and Claire Braeburn were honored at the Oval Office and received the  President’s Service Award , a prestigious national award .  There were over 3,500 nominations throughout the United States, and a panel of judges chose Terry and Claire as 2 of 18 winners in the nation for  outstanding service to youth . Awards & Recognition 2020 ~ America On Track Celebrates 25 years of implementing successful programs throughout Orange County! From a grassroots organization in 1995, America On Track has evolved and has served hundreds of thousands of children and families over the years. America On Track is grateful for our wonderful staff, Board members, partners, funders and participants.  Our goal is to continue evolving and to retain the passion that guides us to create brighter futures in our communities. From 2013 to 2020, America On Track was awarded multi-year  Nutrition Education and Obesity Prevention  grants from the Nutrition Services division of the Orange County Health Care Agency in order to provide comprehensive services to SNAP-Ed eligible individuals throughout Orange County. Since inception Teen  Emerging Leaders  have received America On Track’s “Spirit of Volunteerism” Eagle Award for dedicating 4+ years to America On Track as outstanding teen mentors and youth champions. In  2020 , America On Track was awarded its 3rd consecutive 5-year “ On Track for a Tobacco-Free Orange County ” competitive grant from the California Department of Public Health, California Tobacco Control program. In  2017 , America On Track was awarded its 6th consecutive 3-year  Tobacco Prevention Project  grant from the Orange County Health Care Agency, Tobacco Use Prevention Project. In  May 2016 , the  Tobacco Control Evaluation Center presented a Certificate of Excellence to America On Track in recognition of an exceptional final evaluation report for the 2010-2015 CTCP grant. America On Track in 2016 was the only nonprofit organization in the United States to be awarded a competitive Federal three-year Physical Education Program grant from the U.S. Department of Education. America On Track also received multi-year PEP awards in 2007 and 2011. Received the 2010 Community Building Award – Sports & Fitness Initiative of the Year given by the City of Santa Ana for helping design the Memorial Exercise Park and funding the sports equipment. 2009 Women Making a Difference Award ~ State Senator Lou Correa recognized Terry Thompson and Claire Braeburn for extraordinary dedication and contribution to the Orange County community. “These women go above and beyond everyday to make Orange County a better place for my constituents,” stated Senator Correa.  “They are an inspiration to us all, and I thank them for their hard work and continued public service.” America On Track nominated Teen Mentor who received the 2008 Disneyland Resort Scholarship. Additionally, all qualified Emerging Leaders/mentors receive  yearly college scholarships from America On Track. Teen Emerging Leader “Throughout this year my character has truly changed and America On Track has had a great impact on me!” The 2000 Ambassadors of Peace Award given by the OC Violence Prevention Coalition was awarded to Terry Thompson and Claire Braeburn. Teen Emerging Leaders receive Ambassador of Peace Awards in 1998 & 2002. “I wish to thank Terry Thompson and Claire Braeburn for providing me the opportunity to be honored with this award. When I go to college this fall and when I enter the workplace, I will keep dear in my heart the knowledge I have gained and the skills I have developed through America On Track. I hope to continue helping others realize the importance of nonviolence, especially in our society today.  I am not just an Ambassador of Peace in title ; I will incorporate it into all aspects of my life.” Emerging Leader who is currently a successful doctor, husband and father. The 2000 Ambassadors of Peace Award given by the OC Violence Prevention Coalition w Received the 2001 Outstanding Supporters of Prevention Award given by Irvine Community Drug Prevention. Received the 1999 Service to Mankind Award from the Sertoma Club of Anaheim. Received the 1997 Outstanding Contributions to Education Award from the Orange County Department of Education. as awarded to Terry Thompson and Claire Braeburn. Received the 2001 “Julie Mayer Award”from the Anaheim Arts Councilin recognition of contributionsto “Art in Public Places”for a huge mural honoring Cesar Chavezand “Celebrating the Community”at Magnolia High School. A Grass Roots Garden and Plaque was dedicated to America On Track at the Westminster Public Library in June of 1998. “America On Track has helped me learn to empathize with others despite their age, ethnicity, and personal beliefs.” ~ Teen Emerging Leader Received the 1996 – 1997 Huntington Beach Administrators’ Association Community Service Award Representing The Best In School-Community Partnerships , for work with the teens at Westminster High School. Received the 1997 O.C. Spirit of Volunteerism Award from the Volunteer Center Orange County and JC Penny. Members of the Attorney General’sYouth Council on Violence Prevention –Adult/Youth partnership s In 1997, Claire Braeburn chose an outstanding On Track Teen Council member, Yen Duong as a youth partner to compete for a position on the Attorney General’s Youth Council. They were the only ones chosen as Orange County representatives to serve a 14-month term on his statewide Youth Council on Violence Prevention. Claire & Yen not only completed the project successfully and achieved their goals, but also received the highest rating for their accomplishments.
