 Claire Braeburn  is the Executive Director and Co-Founder of the award-winning nonprofit organization America On Track. With a strong background in computer technology, public speaking, and marketing, Claire was instrumental in launching America On Track with co-founder Terry Thompson, as well as in developing a solid infrastructure for ongoing success. Over the years, Claire and Terry have been the recipients of numerous awards for their outstanding youth, fitness, and tobacco/drug prevention programs, including the President’s Service Award. (Please see  Our Story  and the  Awards  section for more information and a full list of awards.) At a young age, Claire recognized the value of volunteerism. During her years at UCLA, she worked as a Community Service Officer for the UCLA Police Department, and as a volunteer for the UCLA Medical Center, Children’s Ward, and Prison Coalition. She also held various positions with a publishing company that produced and marketed motivational tapes and books. This business experience further reinforced her belief in the “power of positive action.” Also, as a member of Toastmasters International, Claire served as the president of her club, while winning numerous public speaking awards. After graduating from UCLA, Claire Braeburn immediately began developing her career as a public speaker and community leader. She obtained her certification in Neuro Associative Conditioning – the science of success conditioning, with Anthony Robbins.  Claire has incorporated into her career the following philosophy as stated by Tony Robbins: “The path to success is to take massive, determined actions.” Claire went on to conduct business and training seminars in Southern California for several years. In 1995, after doing a year of research with Terry Thompson, Claire teamed up with Terry to launch America On Track. That was the beginning of a long journey with many detours, enhancements and upgrades.  The hard work paid off and the results are heartwarming. Claire with Attorney General Dan Lungren Claire’s leadership skills have led to numerous successes.  In 1997, Claire was the only adult representative in Orange County appointed by Attorney General Dan Lungren to a 14-month term on his statewide Youth Council on Violence Prevention. Claire was a founding member of the Violence Prevention Coalition of Orange County, and has been an active participant of the Irvine Prevention Coalition, the Treasurer of the Orange County Mentoring Partnership, and the Chair of the Santa Ana Weed & Seed SPIRIT & SAINT Coalitions. Claire has been an active member of the Tobacco and Vape Free OC Coalition since 1997. In June 2011, Claire was elected as the Chairperson of the Coalition and served two consecutive terms. In June 2000, Claire received her Certification in Financial Planning and Management for Nonprofit Organizations from CSUF.  Claire has been involved in many community coalitions while also serving as the Executive Director of an award-winning nonprofit organization. Claire has participated in numerous sports throughout her life, and she enjoys just about every outdoor sport, especially running, skiing and kayaking.  She has been a vegetarian since 1991 (& vegan since 2004). One of her goals is to continually be a role model for youth and bring joy to the lives of those we serve. Claire takes pleasure in going to concerts and museums as well as hiking with her husband and two beautiful children.  Most recently, she and her family have enjoyed serving as a foster family to numerous shelter animals.
