 
 In Orange County, death rates from methamphetamine, THC, and fentanyl have  increased  by 92%, 43%, and  857%  respectively over the past six years.  
 “The drug, gun and alcohol industries make their money off of our fear. 
 Our fear that we won’t succeed.  Our fear that we won’t have enough power. They move in and make money off of our fear, and that kills us. 
 They market to our ignorance.  It needs to be easier to get what we need to be successful, instead of it being so easy to get what we need to destroy ourselves.” 
 Sadly the above quote,  powerfully stated by a youth, is especially relevant in today’s world, and it expresses our concerns and our determination to make a positive impact  through our  Drug Prevention Education  project.  “It needs to be easier to be successful”  is precisely what  America On Track believes we need to teach youth before they are lured to drugs and a life of missed opportunities. 
 The  specific drug use problems that have been identified  by America On Track as being primary strategic targets for current and future community action are  alcohol/binge drinking, tobacco/vaping, marijuana, opioids (including heroin), and methamphetamines .
 In order to  prevent the onset and reduce the progression of substance misuse, America On Track implements a comprehensive program for elementary, middle, and high school students.
 America On Track promotes healthy alternatives to risky behavior. 
 How It Works
 Our multi-week drug use prevention activities are designed to: 
 Teach students the necessary skills to resist social pressures to smoke, drink, and use drugs 
 Help students to develop greater self-esteem and self-confidence 
 Enable students to effectively cope with anxiety 
 Increase their knowledge of the immediate consequences of substance abuse 
 Enhance cognitive and behavioral competency to reduce/prevent health risk behaviors 
 America On Track also conducts 1-hour single-session presentations on the drug prevention topics identified above, for both youth and adult audiences. 
