 “ The lessons on how to be a leader and improve our public speaking skills were great. The lessons taught us the skills needed to build confidence, self-discipline, honesty and humor, as well as how to become change agents and visionaries. We learned how a leader uses these skills and that was really helpful to me.” Teen Emerging Leader America On Track’s Emerging Leaders for Civic Engagement is a multi-faceted after-school program to inspire today’s youth (4th-12th graders) to become tomorrow’s leaders through a focus on dynamic leadership training, public speaking skills, future careers including STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Math), fitness & nutrition, drug use prevention, exposure to the arts and involvement in community engagement. The Emerging Leaders for Civic Engagement (ELCE) program is about developing future leaders, providing life-transforming opportunities and creating life-long volunteers! The program has almost 3 decades of a science-based track record. Terry Thompson and Claire Braeburn were awarded the Presidential Award for Outstanding Services to Youth by the President of the United States in 1999 for developing and implementing this program. ELCE has evolved over the years while teaming up with educators, civic leaders, outstanding high school students and elementary school children. Additionally, ELCE offers a synergistic forum for all participants to recognize the importance of civic engagement, develop a love of volunteering, strong public speaking skills, positive values, better fitness skills, and a love of books and knowledge to accelerate a successful future. How It Works This unique program utilizes positive youth development strategies to support students (emerging leaders) in developing their interpersonal, decision-making and leadership skills as well as to inspire them to take positive action beyond themselves. Our synergistic components include: Learning the art of Dynamic Leadership & Public Speaking Skills Receiving Private & Group Coaching by Experienced Coaches Winning Awards & College Scholarships Enjoying Multi-faceted Components for Success through Interactive Fun Sessions Becoming Aware of Global Issues Gaining Exposure to Future Careers through STEM Activities Receiving LifeSkills Training to Prevent Drug Use Participating in Civic Engagement Activities Gaining Exposure to Social Justice Issues “Thank you again, I hope you both know that you have made the biggest positive impact in our family and our daughter’s life. I have no doubt that she will one day make a reality of every single core value that you have instilled in her through the Emerging Leaders program so she can make a difference in her community.” Parent of Teen Emerging Leader
